Task 1: Create a new Laravel project named "MigrationAssignment" using the Laravel command-line interface.

Command for create project:
composer create-project laravel/laravel MigrationAssignment

Task 2: Create a new migration file
Within the project, create a new migration file named "create_products_table" that will be responsible
for creating a table called "products" in the database. The "products" table should have the following
columns:

id: an auto-incrementing integer and primary key.
name: a string column to store the product name.
price: a decimal column to store the product price.
description: a text column to store the product description.
created_at: a timestamp column to store the creation date and time.
updated_at: a timestamp column to store the last update date and time.

Create migration file command:
php artisan make:migration create_products_table

Task 3: Migration run
After creating the migration file, run the migration to create the "products" table in the database.

migration run command:
php artisan migrate

Task 4: Modify products table add new column
Modify the existing migration file "create_products_table" to add a new column called "quantity" to the
"products" table. The "quantity" column should be an integer column and allow null values

Add new column migration file create command:
php artisan make:migration add_quantity_to_products_table

Task 5: Create new migration file for add new column
Create a new migration file named "add_category_to_products_table" that will be responsible for adding
a new column called "category" to the "products" table. The "category" column should be a string column
with a maximum length of 50 characters.

Add new column migration file create command:
php artisan make:migration add_category_to_products_table

Task 6: Migration run
After creating the new migration file, run the migration to add the "category" column to the "products"
table.

migration run command:
php artisan migrate

Task 7: Create new migration table for orders
Create a new migration file named "create_orders_table" that will be responsible for creating a table
called "orders" in the database. The "orders" table should have the following columns:

id: an auto-incrementing integer and primary key.
product_id: an unsigned integer column to establish a foreign key relationship with the "id" column of the
"products" table.
quantity: an integer column to store the quantity of products ordered.
created_at: a timestamp column to store the creation date and time.
updated_at: a timestamp column to store the last update date and time.

Create migration file command:
php artisan make:migration create_orders_table

Task 8: Migration run
After creating the migration file for the "orders" table, run the migration to create the "orders" table in the
database.

migration run command:
php artisan migrate

